# NaviRaider-AR
AR Navigation of Texas Tech Campus

Our team wants to change how students, new and old, find their way around campus daily. We will develop a personalized map application that utilizes augmented reality to lead our users to their destination using the camera on their phones. Our app influences many video games that lead characters to their next objective using arrows or highlighting paths. The user will open the app, the user will input their current position, the user will input their desired destination (within the parameters of the Texas Tech campus), and the app will use the user’s smartphone camera to display visuals on their screen that will lead the user to their requested destination. The on-screen visuals will bend and wrap to the world on the screen, adding a layer of depth to the map. This will make the map more efficient in giving directions than a standard map application. In addition, the visual warping and bending will provide visual reassurance to the user and is something that cannot be obtained from a standard map application. 
	
Students have always struggled with finding buildings on campus. Classes change locations, advisor offices are hidden in buildings, and clubs/organizations can be spread throughout the campus. Experienced students recommend that incoming first-year students dedicate time before the semester starts to familiarize themselves with the campus and find their locations since students are expected to know where to go once the semester begins. A first-year student, who is now in a new place, can be overwhelmed by the size of the campus, let alone find a building. Also, every semester the locations of classes change, so that means new facilities and classes to find. 
